doc: add README.md (#4)
DimensionDev/MaskWebAuthn: README.md

# MaskWebAuthn

> `MaskWebAuthn` is a `WebAuthn-like` APIs.
> It acts as an authenticator in the login process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MaskWebAuthn` is a library that implements WebAuthn API interface.
```
